---
layout: default
title: Staging Server
parent: LOCKSS
---

<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>

# Maintaining Firewalls of Web Servers that host content preserved in MetaArchive
System administrators maintaining servers that host content preserved in the MetaArchive network are expected to keep firewalls around preserved content open to MetaArchive.

The relevant IP addresses are hosted at two urls. Detailed instructions about how to use these IP lists can be found in the README file at the bottom of the lists:

- admin.metaarchive.org/protected/network/ips. Access to this list requires use of the relevant login/pass on our Credentials page.
- admin.metaarchive.org/network/ips/. Access to this list is open to all of the caches in the network.
MetaArchive staff alerts member institutions via an email whenever firewalls need to be updated.

# Keeping Load on Web Servers Low
When a LOCKSS daemon crawls a site, it skips downloading a file, if it can determine that the file on the web server is not younger than the file the daemon maintains on the local disk. Daemons use If-Modified-Since if the page previously fetched was served with a Last-Modified Date. Thus if you configure your sites to serve 'Last-Modified;' information out in http headers LOCKSS daemons put less load on your servers.

If you preserve a site that LOCKSS crawls frequently and thoroughly you get a big payoff (and so will the network) if you configure your server/site to serve Last-Modified information. Even if your site generates content dynamically, it is helpful if you can at least serve Last-Modified info for documents, ie images, pdfs, ...

To turn Last-Modified on in an Apache server do `IndexOptions TrackModified`.

# Excluding LOCKSS Traffic from Web Statistics
The LOCKSS wiki has information on how LOCKSS caches identify themselves when they interact with your web site, which you can use to exclude traffic generated by LOCKSS caches from traffic statistics. Please refer to LOCKSS Compliance/Statistics